What is Angular?
	Angular is a javascript framework which allows you to create single page applications.
==
What is SPA?
	SPA is a web application, where all functionalities are framed on a single page.
	SPA has only one html file and bunch of html templates, javascript and CSS files.
	In SPA, all the html templates, css and java script files are rendered on the same page dynamically.
	User navigates from one section to another section of the page by clicking on links or buttons without navigating to different pages.
	IT looks like as a mobile application, they give better user experience.
==
What is difference between angularJs and angular?
	Architecture
		AngularJS uses MVC or Model-View-Controller architecture
			Model contains the business logic -- js file
			Controller gets the data from Model, it process the data and exposes data to view. -- js file
			View shows data to the users. -- html file
		Angular replaces controllers with components.
		Components are nothing but directives with a predefined template.					
	Language
		AngularJS uses JavaScript language, which is a dynamically typed language.
		Angular uses TypeScript language, which is a statically typed language and is a superset of JavaScript.
	Mobile Support
		AngularJS does not provide mobile support.
		Angular is supported by all popular mobile browsers.
	Version
	Angularjs was introduced in 2010. it is written in javascript, It is also called as Angular1
	Angular framework was introduced in 2016, it uses typescript as programming language.
	It is completly rewritten framework, it is not related with angularjs. we are calling it as Angular2.
		Angular2
		Angular3 xxx
		Angular4
		...
		...
		Angular11
		Angular12		
==
What is the difference between javascript and typescript?
	javascript runs in the broswer directly, compilation phase is not required.
	typescript is a superset of JavaScript.
	typescript won't run in the brwoser directly, it requires compilation phase.
	Angular uses the Ahead-of-time (AOT) compiler.
	compiler will takes ts file as input and generates js file as output.
==
How to install angular?
	Install nodejs
	Install npm
	Install typescript
		npm install -g typescript
	Install angular
		npm install -g @angular/cli