alter session set "_ORACLE_SCRIPT"=true;
create user HR identified by HR;
ALTER USER HR IDENTIFIED BY HR ACCOUNT UNLOCK;
ALTER SESSION SET current_schema = HR;
 

How to create an schema in sql deoveloper?
	syntax:
	create user schema identified by passward;
	Above command is used to create schema in sql deoveloper.
	In the place of the schema we will give name and in place of passward we will provide passward.
      (or)Creating a User
	Once connected as SYSTEM, simply issue the CREATE USER command to generate a new account.
	CREATE USER user IDENTIFIED BY MyPassword;
	Here we’re simply creating a books_admin account that is IDENTIFIED or authenticated by the specified password.
what is use of grant privilege to user or schema?
	The Grant Statement
	With our new books_admin account created, we can now begin adding privileges to the account using the GRANT statement. 
	GRANT is a very powerful statement with many possible options, but the core functionality is to manage the privileges of both users and roles throughout the database.
How grant privilege to schema?
	Typically, you’ll first want to assign privileges to the user through attaching the account to various roles, starting with the CONNECT role:
	syntax:
	GRANT CONNECT TO books_admin;
	In some cases to create a more powerful user, you may also consider adding the RESOURCE role (allowing the user to create named types for custom schemas) or even the DBA role, 
	which allows the user to not only create custom named types but alter and destroy them as well.
	syntax:
	GRANT CONNECT, RESOURCE, DBA TO books_admin;
how to Assign Privileges  to schema?	
	We also need to ensure our new user has disk space allocated in the system to actually create or modify tables and data, so we’ll GRANT TABLESPACE like so:
	synatax:
	GRANT UNLIMITED TABLESPACE TO books_admin;
How give privilege in old versions in oracal?
	While not typically necessary in newer versions of Oracle, some older installations may require that you manually specify the access rights the new user has to a specific schema and database tables.
	For example, if we want our books_admin user to have the ability to perform SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT, and DELETE capabilities on the books table, we might execute the following GRANT statement:
	synatax:
	GRANT
	  SELECT,
	  INSERT,
	  UPDATE,
	  DELETE
	ON
	  schema.books
	TO
	  books_admin;
	This ensures that books_admin can perform the four basic statements for the books table that is part of the schema schema.
How to add new connection in oracal dabase?
	clik on the add new connection then give the user name and the passward.
	example:
	username:hrms
	passward:hrms 
	select the role in select.
	if you given correct user and passward test will show susses or else it will show some error.
	if it is susses then connect to schema .
How to create a table schema?
	Syntax:
		CREATE TABLE table_name (
		column1 datatype,
		column2 datatype,
		column3 datatype,
			....
		);
	Above syntax is used to create a table with column and datatype.
	example:
		CREATE TABLE Persons (
		PersonID int,
		LastName varchar(255),
		FirstName varchar(255),
		Address varchar(255),
		City varchar(255)
		);
How to insert data into  table?
	synatax:
		INSERT INTO table_name
		VALUES (value1, value2, value3, ...);
	Above synatax is used to insert the data in to table.
	example:
		insert into employee VALUES(101, 'Nethra', 'Bellamkonda', 'nethra@bellamkonda');
How update the data in table?
	syntax:
		update tableName set 'columnName' = 'value or character' where 'column'='value';
	Above synatax is used to update the table data with the where codition.
	example:
		update employee SET employeeid=102 where firstname ='Dileep';
		